Hello and welcome back to case study number one.
Optimizing wherehouse flows with Q learning and this tutorial we're going to discuss the plan of attack
for this case study which is the following.
So it's a plan of attack in three parts in the first part will define the environment and defining the
environment.
When doing artificial intelligence is always the same three steps process.
First we define the state.
Second we define the actions.
And third we define what we want.
And then in the second part of this plan of attack will study the solution and actually we'll do that
with Karylle with his super intuition lectures.
And so you will not only see the intuition but also the theory that is all the mathematical details
behind jewelry.
And so first you'll be introduced to mark of decision processes which are at the heart of key learning.
So you have to understand them first then you'll be introduced to the temporal difference which is a
fundamental part of the learning algorithm and eventually you'll know and you'll understand the whole
learning process as a whole new learning algorithm.
And then in part three to solve our case then we will implement the whole learning model in Python to
solve this case study optimizing the warehouse flows.
And once we have this solution we'll go into production.
Like in a real world business problem and eventually we will improve this solution by adding this feature
which allows the arms warehouse robot to go by some intermediary point that are part of the top three
priority locations to where it has to go in order to optimize even more.
The warehouse looks all right so if you're ready in the next to you let's tackle the first part.
Defining the environment.